The town was beautiful the next morning - we walked past a river and several lovely old buildings, but soon stopped just outside the main town at a petrol station, mainly because I wanted to use a toilet but also because we knew it would be a long way to the next town. I had the most amazing chocolate bar which was like a Kinder chocolate with smarties in it. We talked about how weird it was that we were sitting at a petrol station, and how it made everything feel like an adventure.

For the first time we saw a huge number of pilgrims walking. It was warm and sunny, possibly explaining their higher frequency. The path eventually moved between two fields and my shoulders were really hurting. We stopped at a food truck where I ate an apple and we then tried to drop-kick our apple cores. We talked about the music which was playing, including Sorry by Justin Bieber. After we left, Lawrence agreed to swap backpacks to see if it would ease my shoulder. At first it felt fantastic, like I was moonwalking! But soon his bag started to hurt as well, so I swapped again with Woody and walked with his for quite a long way.

As we spread out further down the path, I had a rare deep conversation with Woody. We talked about friendship, and I learnt about his friend group from baking university. I told him how I trusted Alex more than any of my friends, but was afraid of having friendships where we meet for dinner and don't share anything deeper. We also talked about the differences with gay relationships (since Woody dates men), and our relationships with our parents. Later in the day it became windy, so despite the sun I alternated between being too hot and too cold. We walked an extra 3km beyond the suggested stop, and along the way I managed to call Alex for the first time in a while.

We talked initially about our days, about his trip to Málaga and the lack of climbing equipment, and about the hiking and how my shoulders were hurting. I told him I think about him constantly and he said I was insane which briefly made me cry because I was feeling very hormonal. However, I told him my plan for our next few years where we'll live in Sheffield / Nottingham until he finishes his PhD then move for his job to somewhere abroad, and the thought of that made me really happy. He kept not wanting me to hang up which made me feel loved. The guys went into the albergue and I was getting anxious about missing dinner, so I eventually said goodbye to Alex and went in.

The albergue was in the middle of nowhere which I really liked, and I had a comfortable top bunk. The pilgrim's menu was fine, as per usual, but we were given free limoncello afterwards. The guys drank a lot of the wine and free limoncello and started to get quite drunk. At first Lawrence and I spoke only to eachother about having children. Lawrence tried to convince me to have kids with Alex and said that love and family was the only thing which really matters, above sporting or academic achievements. When we started talking with the others, everyone started oversharing. Woody and Nils told us about several things which I have also redacted from this version of the diary!! Lawrence had an impatient vibe and wanted us to go up the hill which was directly outside, so we did. On the hill there was a chair and Lawrence and Woody amused themselves by trying to kick eachother over. We all shared a group hug.

Returning to the albergue I was afraid we wouldn't be able to get back in without disturbing everyone, but ultimately it was fine and we got to sleep quite quickly.