I set off with Nils after almost everyone else in the albergue had already left, carrying my marble cake and attempting to eat it despite how crumbly it was. I explained my career woes to Nils as I had done to several others already, as we left Roncesvalles and wandered through some trees, over a bridge and to a farm. At the farm we saw friendly cows and then horses who were trying to kick eachother. The path soon became overwhelmingly woodland, and we talked about subjects including leaving our partners for 5 weeks, my experience with the Bad Step on the Isle of Skye, writing, and societal beauty expectations. After a couple of hours we emerged from the woodland and came to a river where we saw a large group of people.

Two cyclists had approached ahead of us but were struggling as there were challenging stepping stones to get a bike across. We passed and sat down on the other side when I recognised Lawrence and Woody. Immediately we began chatting to Woody, though Lawrence was with other people I didn't recognise. The group cheered when the cyclists brought their bicycles across.

The group left all at the same time, I stopped for a pee, and then caught up to them as they were arriving at a café. Nils, Woody and I continued to chat at the table, but were soon joined by Lawrence. Leaving the café, Lawrence, Nils and I walked through a beautiful pine forest on a hilltop, talking about video games and the caterpillars we saw crawling in lines. As we descended from the forest we saw Woody and Mille sitting at a table by a food truck and went to join them.

Here I met Mille for the first time and she asked me about my motivation for walking the Camino. I learnt that she quit her job to travel for 2 years and will be going to Mexico to learn to speak Spanish and surf after she arrives in Santiago. Emma also came to join us but we didn't speak so I didn't learn anything about her just yet. From here we continued as a group but I spoke extensively and exclusively to Lawrence about movies we liked and my reasons for not wanting to have children. Eventually we descended into Zubiri where we checked into the first albergue I hadn't booked in advance.

Booking into a room as a large group and all sleeping in adjacent beds was good fun. The others went off to the river to swim and do yoga, while I called my boyfriend, Alex. Mille and Emma then coordinated a group dinner before we all played cards. Mille taught us Tempel des Schreckens which I enjoyed as it had my favourite board game theme of deception. A guy called Corey also participated and this was the first time I met him. On that occasion he was very loud and flamboyant, which I later discovered was not typical of his character. It was a lot of fun to bond as a group.
