After a big breakfast at a café in Portomarin, we set off early as a big group with Mille and her friends Luca and Andre, as well as a guy known only to me as Woody's love of his life. I was feeling unsociable and walked mostly on my own, eventually listening to some music. Mille and her friends gradually fell behind, and I walked between their group and my friends ahead of me. The path went gradually uphill between trees and besides the road.

Nils messaged to say that they were taking an alternative route, however at this moment I caught up to them and we joined together. As per usual, we talked about our need to poo. We saw a couple of pigs by the path who loved Lawrence's stick, and then soon stopped at a disturbingly quiet café so Lawrence could have his poo. We became unreasonably afraid of the couple running the café after Lawrence said they seemed angry at him giving the toilet key away. Gaelle passed us waving, and later Mille and her friends as well.

Carrying on, we found another area to take turns peeing, having been too afraid to use the café toilet. Alex told me he was feeling sad so I asked if he wanted to call and he immediately did. He told me about all the errands he had to run while I climbed the steepest part of the hill. The weather today alternated between warm and very cold wind, so I repeatedly put my jacket on and off. At the top of the hill, I saw amazing views.

A short time later I caught up to the guys collecting stamps from the Guardia Civilia, so I did the same and said goodbye to Alex. Lawrence and I chatted once again about American road trips. Nils disappeared into the distance. 

At some point, Nils messaged us saying he was taking a detour with Gaelle. Woody, Lawrence and I then sat in a café for a long time, talking about the other people around us and spicy food. Mille came to say goodbye, possibly forever, and we then went inside and received free shots from the bartender. 

Carrying on, Nils was now an hour ahead of us. Woody talked to us about the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and I then told him about the playwriting scheme I participated in during sixth form. Eventually approaching the café where Nils was waiting for us, I called out to him but he didn't hear. Inside was the best dog ever!! And two Irish women who Lawrence went to speak to. As we sat there, the older American woman arrived and told us (me and Lawrence) emphatically that she had now decided we had to start our own company. Although we had some qualms, Lawrence and I then spent the next hour talking about it as we walked into Palas de Rei.

We stopped in the municipal albergue, only to discover to my dismay that the showers once again had no privacy but this time were also grimy and cold. I decided not to shower, and we then discovered we had to make a 10 minute walk into town to get any kind of food. We eventually had bad pizza while playing cards. It was an evening in stark contrast to our last, not seeing anyone we knew in the albergue.