Waking the next morning I discovered I was bleeding, which probably explained my emotions the night before. We took a cute selfie and set off together, as I felt happy to be with friends again. Leaving Hontanas, the path approached a massive hill, and I was glad to discover we were swerving underneath it. We talked about our home lives, how much we see our parents and how comfortable we are having awkward conversations with them.

My shoulders were sore again and I was relieved as we approached the ruins of San Anton, where a friendly dog greeted us. We sat for a while with him before carrying on.

After this, we carried on to Castrojeriz, which we could see for a long time before we arrived. As we entered the outskirts, Lawrence told us an idiotic method he'd use to improve the world if he suddenly came into billions of pounds. We then turned to talking about what life would be like if we could see people's death dates. After the town, the way once again approached a large hill but this time headed directly up it. I felt like I was struggling so I held back as the others powered up ahead. Taking off my down jacket made the ascent easier as I managed to reduce my overheating, and the views at the top were amazing and really worth the climb. We amused ourselves reading the many inscriptions and comments left by previous pilgrims at the top, before leaving one by one.

I ran down the hill and the stereotypical view I had of the Meseta appeared before me, just as though I was in the Microsoft screensaver. I walked alone, thinking again about my love for Alex and convincing myself we'll be together forever. Eventually the path left the area I thought of as classic Meseta, followed a road for a little way, and then dropped down by a river where I met the others. They asked how I keep my fingernails short. Lawrence left ahead of the rest of us again, but I stuck with the others and we didn't walk far before making it to a town. En route we discussed the plays we studied at school.

Here, we found a café where we sat in the sun and Lawrence and Woody befriended a fly which they named Dog. I bought a Knoppers bar which I later discovered was delicious, and cried laughing when Woody thought a geep was a cross between a goose and a sheep. The path was lovely from here on, the guys finding more signs to throw rocks at, and we eventually arrived in Boadilla del Camino where we discovered the albergue was adjoined with a fancy hotel. To our initial dismay, we were led to an outbuilding, but it soon transpired we had a whole lodge with a living area and a GAS FIRE to ourselves!!

We had our dinner in the main building of the hotel where we saw Hanna and made polite conversation with older pilgrims again. On this occasion, the first course was lentil soup which I actually found unexpectedly delicious. When we returned to the lodge we sat by the fire until it was quite late, Lawrence and I discussing startup ideas and where we'd all be in a year's time if we reunited without speaking at all in-between.