I managed not to fall off the side of the precarious top bunk in the night, but I did wake with excruciatingly sore legs, which concerned me a little. Nevertheless, when we set off walking they were not so painful. From day 5 onwards, I walked almost exclusively with Lawrence, Woody and Nils as a group of 4. We started by crossing the bridge for which the town is named and continued under a grey sky. Lawrence introduced his concept of Rockbusters (a word game which we played for many hours on the Camino) before the conversation turned to our experiences at school and university as we climbed a large hill.

Meeting a group of local weekend walkers in the woods, we then continued into a nice town where we entered a bar and met Corey. I ate my chocolate madeleines I had bought for breakfast. From here, it became warmer and sunnier and I entertained Lawrence with the riddle about 100 prisoners and a lightbulb, which he thought about for a very long time.

The views of the mountains were beautiful, with Montejurra coming into view, though my legs began to feel seriously tired. We stopped for an afternoon lemonade and Spanish tortilla relatively near the end as the day's walk wasn't so long. We found a hairy black bug on a stick which none of us were brave enough to touch.

Finally, we arrived in Estella, which was my favourite of all our stops so far. The town was so beautiful with the overlooking rocky hills, the river and the trees. The room was also private and comfortable, with bars on the top bunk. We went to buy food from another Dia supermarket and I got pasta with beef filling, which ended up tasting a lot like Lasagna. We then played Codenames and Never Have I Ever, which was really funny and Lawrence & I won at Codenames both times. Fynn told me that he was planning to walk further than Los Arcos the next day, so we might not see him, though it was unclear if Corey would be joining him.

I'd also been thinking about my motivation with my YouTube channel, and decided I would put a lot of effort in when I come back from the trip to grow it some more. I saw people criticising Kara and Nate for jetting around too much, and I thought that maybe my niche can actually be something to do with slow travel.
