Leaving our beautiful private lodge we stopped to admire the stork's nest on top of the bell tower of the church in the town. The start of the day was lovely, with lots of birds chirping, a familiar sound on the Camino. At some point we were caught by Hanna, who then joined us for the next section. We talked about deal breakers in partners and played would you rather as we followed a pretty river.

In the first town, we picked a café before heading to the supermarket. We started talking about very inappropriate things, which I have redacted from this version of my diary!! When the path diverged, we chose a route which was only 1km further but far from the main road, although it transpired that it was still very long and samey. At some point, a friend of Hanna's who she called Borat caught up to us and I told him and Hanna the phone booth riddle, which took them ages to solve. Once they had done so, Borat strode off into the distance. The rest of us rested by a river where hundreds of midges bothered us, and Lawrence stopped to pet a cat. When we reached the next town, we got hamburgers at a café but Hanna sat with others.

When we arrived in Carrión de los Condes, we discovered that the pilgrim's menu was FREE if we provided an assigned ingredient! I was asked to provide cheese. The meal began with a strange rap from the chefs and we then ate homemade ratatouille, which was one of our best meals of the Camino due to the healthiness of the vegetables as well as the amazing taste. We helped with the drying of the dishes afterwards, and I also had what was one of my best showers of the Camino due to the size and privacy of the shower. There were some loud snorers in our room but as per usual, my noise cancelling earbuds did the trick.