We (Lawrence, Woody, Nils, Corey, Fynn and I) were supposed to meet Emma for breakfast in the morning, so we all got up and went to a bakery where most of the others ate pastries. Meanwhile I was just trying to finish my crumbly cake I'd had for several days now! We all debated which albergue we would stay at later in the day but we never heard from Emma so eventually left. Most of the guys wanted to walk on their own so I set off with just Nils and Woody. We passed some sights of Pamplona I'd want to see if I stayed there properly, like the gardens and the citadel. I also told Woody and Nils about my experience of Sass Rigais in the Dolomites and pondered whether we'd have any kind of terrible story on our Camino. In fact, day 4 was by far the hardest day so far, but in reality it wasn't anywhere close to Sass Rigais or the Bad Step.

After leaving Pamplona, we chatted about TV shows and entered some rolling grasslands. I stopped to change my clothing around and ended up getting really left behind, so I walked on my own for about an hour. For most of this time I was just panicking about being left and suffering in the heat, as day 4 was also our hottest day by far. The path passed by one really nice river which would've been nice to relax by but I didn't want to get even more left behind so I didn't stop.

Eventually I caught up on the outskirts of the next town, where Nils and Woody had bumped into Mille. Corey and Lawrence also stopped for a bit at certain points - in fact Lawrence gave me a second lemonade as he didn't like it. Mille told me she realised that her life goals weren't connected to her career and she'd saved enough to quit her job for two years so she could just travel. I think it set the thoughts in motion which I was having later on.

I then continued with Nils and Woody as we climbed a very beautiful (but hot) hillside and found Lawrence on the phone. The views were absolutely insane. At this point we all fell silent and barely spoke for the rest of the day.

As we descended the hill (which was one of my favourite bits so far in terms of the scenery), I raced a little but soon took a position at the back behind Woody and Nils as I was taking more water breaks in the heat. Over time we spread out quite a bit and I started thinking about future travel plans. I was thinking about how I want to do more slow travel like this where I explore town by town, and about how I think I'd like to go to the Americas. I've always loved Canada and the US but after this trip I'd love to go to all the Latin American places too.

Eventually I came to a town with a bar and I took a detour to see if any of the others were there. Fynn was briefly, but primarily I sat with Lawrence for half an hour. We talked about dealing with uncertainty in life and whether we were going to take the next detour to a church. An old Spanish man did his best to convince us but I felt exhausted. Lawrence was convinced but when he set off walking he went the wrong way and ended up in front of me regardless.

Towards the end of the day we went through a small village which I thought was stunningly beautiful. It was so peaceful and quiet and I could've stayed there forever, but it was already late in the day. When I finally made it to Puente La Reina, the guys and I bought some food to make bean chilli before attempting to find an albergue, but our first two choices were closed. Lawrence was quite fed up when we ended up in the municipal albergue and I soon was as well when I ended up doing my chores super late.

The bean chilli was one of the most memorable events of the trip so far, as the super spicyness was unbearable after such a challenging day already. Luckily the beds were decent, although I was afraid I'd fall off the top as it had no railing.
