In the morning, the guy in the albergue came in and switched our light on at 7am! We also discovered shortly afterwards from him that someone down the hallway had bed bugs, which made me scared and paranoid. We left the albergue with Corey, the sweet Korean lady and an American girl called Victoria we hadn't met before, and all of us went together for breakfast at a chocolate café. I had a Napolitana and a magadelena.

The Korean lady told us about her dating life and said that she doesn't want to get married and rejects her boyfriend's marriage proposals, even though he has a tattoo of his devotion to her.

Nils stayed behind in Astorga while the rest of us carried on. It was cold and sunny again, heating up gradually through the day. We saw a Gaudi building in the town before we left. The path out of town began to gradually ascend a hill, and we picked up stones as instructed by the Buen Camino app to leave at the top of the hill, though we would only reach that the next morning. Lawrence, Woody and I talked about our insecurities and threw rocks into water underneath a big sign.

Eventually we arrived in the first town where we had poor sandwiches, though I was craving an English breakfast. While eating, Nils caught up and we set off again together. I watched the snowy mountains in the distance, and Nils and I talked about sport.

In the next town we got more food, and it was very bad. Lawrence and I had wet bacon and undercooked chips with eggs. The meal made him very emotional, with genuine disgust. After leaving, we asked Lawrence about his feelings. As the conversation trailed off, I thought we were going to do our own thing so I started listening to my audiobook, but he then asked to speak to me privately. He said he's afraid of commitment and wonders if he should leave us on the Camino to try and expand the experience by meeting more people. I didn't think he would, but I still felt upset by the idea, though I tried to offer impartial advice. After the conversation he felt better and we split up and I did start listening to my audiobook.

The path became very beautiful with pink bushes but the audiobook was bad because the protagonist was kind of unbearable. We stopped briefly to look at a beetle and some baby cows, but we soon started ascending a very large hill in the most beautiful scenic location. Having deleted the audiobook, I was listening to music and feeling emotional thinking about the purpose of my life. Eventually I turned the music off and just walked with the sounds of nature, and then I started feeling really good and walking really fast. It was the best section of path of the whole Camino, with lots of water and rocks and mud. I overtook the couple, and Nils and Woody, tearing up the hill.

We arrived in Foncebadón where the views are amazing. Initially we couldn't find somewhere to stay! But the donativo had space for us. We then got real food in a restaurant, which was tasty but I got very tired. When we were paying I started getting really agitated because I wanted to go to bed. The guys were buying cake and I was groaning because I wanted to go but for some reason the waitress was torturing me by making me pay last.

That evening, I missed Alex so much. I wished he was there with me, because the town was my favourite we'd been in and I wished I could share it with him.
