I woke feeling a little ill, infected by Woody's cold. We left the cursed monastery and immediately found a water fountain outside which brought me joy as I hadn't wanted to fill my water bottle in the bathroom of the hostel. I was also able to finish my bacon sandwich from the day before. The path soon entered a short section of woodland before leaving to a raised grassy area with rocks, and finally falling to a road where we saw some standing stones and met a couple we hadn't spoken to before, Gaelle and Martin. While walking, the others played I Spy and I wrote another Limerick.

The path eventually ascended a rocky hill which I found very beautiful, and there were some occasional light showers. At the top we had an amazing view and the terrain looked fantastic for running down, but I wasn't wearing a sports bra so I didn't have the energy for it. In the distance we could see Burgos, which I found amazing as it was the one landmark along the trail I had paid close attention to when planning the trip. This was because it was my final destination before I would hop on a train to Madrid, to reunite with Alex for a couple of days.

As we descended, my shoulders were getting sore and my energy was flagging. The path left the hill behind and wound through some fields to a café where I had all my usual favourite things (i.e. lemonade and tortilla de patatas). On leaving the café, a dog tried to attack me! We were all very alarmed, but the conversation quickly turned to stupid would-you-rathers again.

As the road approached Burgos it became very boring. Woody told us that his mum once dated a vigilante paedophile killer, which I found very hard to believe. My motivation seriously started flagging and Nils sang 22 to cheer me up, which worked pretty well, but was shortly followed by a hail storm that killed all joy. We sprinted to another café where we watched strangely diverse Spanish popstars on TV and Lawrence attempted the slot machines. I had some delicious cooked bacon.

Finally we made the tedious walk into town between several brief showers, and I said goodbye to the guys and headed towards the station. On arrival I still had many hours to wait for my train to Madrid, so I read my book. My health was seriously deteriorating and I looked forward to visiting a pharmacy in Madrid.