The next morning I woke up sick of Lawrence, Woody and Nils (sorry guys) and wanted to hike on my own. Leaving Foncebadón we had a short climb to the cross where people leave their rocks, and they were loudly singing terrible songs despite the peaceful morning. I tried walking ahead of them but was not far enough ahead and the sound of their singing was so grating to me.

At the cross an old man took my photo before the guys arrived and we all took photos and left our rocks together. I told them I wanted to hang back for some solitude, which I did. The pine trees in front of the snowy mountains made me feel so happy and at home, and I decided I have to live somewhere like this someday. I was thinking again about how much I want to do a road trip in the States.

The views continued to be amazing as I walked alone, and my mood grew exponentially. At the last ascent I took my bag off the path and sat with my Kas lemonade to enjoy the view, pee, and strip some clothing. Attempting to get my tripod out of the bag, I sliced my finger very badly on my razor. The blood started spilling and spilling onto the rocks. I poured water on it with no effect. I started panicking and running back and forth trying to decide what to do. Eventually I became level headed again and realised I needed to put pressure on it, so I tried to do so with my last wound dressing. It wasn't enough, and I asked an old couple for help before Gaelle finally arrived and saved me.

She gave me all her medical supplies, grabbed my things from up the hill, and then walked me to the next town. She was my hero!! The guys hadn't kept me updated and I wasn't sure if we'd see them there but when we did I immediately thought "of course". All 3 of them have the personality to wait for someone they're worried about. I immediately felt a renewed flood of affection for them.

I disinfected and replastered the finger, then had quiche lorraine and empanada. We carried on as a group, though Nils and Gaelle walked off ahead. The path was beautiful and summery, green and alight with insects.

In the next town we had some food by a river (patatas bravas) while observing a young couple frolicking on the other side. Afterwards, we carried on without Gaelle, Woody reciting the entire first act of Hamilton to everyone's amazement. Eventually we got close to Ponferrada but our motivation was waning. We sat by the side of the road for a bit and ignored youths who approached us on motorbikes. The day was SO HOT and I stank. I borrowed Lawrence's stick.

I thought I'd feel terrible when we arrived but we were very efficient and had a quick yoghurt feast for dinner. The shower was more challenging, as I tried not to use my injured hand. I then called Alex which made me very happy. We talked about doing a ski season and an American road trip.
