Masha woke up very angry, as we'd been sleeping across from the notoriously loud Romanian snorer in the hostel. I was not quite so furious, though I was amazed at his bedmate's audacity to play a blaringly loud 5:30am alarm before rolling over and going back to sleep.

Nevertheless, we set off earlier than normal, mindful that we wanted to walk the whole day with Masha before she got a taxi and train to her surf camp. For the first time we saw the sunrise on the trail, the sky pink and orange between the rocky canyon-esque landscape. Passing abandoned sheds, we could see mountains in the distance. The guys sang in front of us as Masha and I talked about her dating life and my YouTube channel. On arriving in our first village, we went inside a café for our usual morning snacks, where Fynn soon appeared. I introduced him to Masha and told him to catch up to us on the trail so we could chat about the Tour du Mont Blanc. He seemed very happy to do so, and caught up to us not long afterwards with Corey alongside him. The path rose gradually through the hills and I stayed quiet while the two of them spoke to Masha about Australia, my backpack weighing painfully on my shoulders. They talked about festivals and spiders and drink driving. Fynn then told us about the Tour du Mont Blanc, reassuring us that there are campsites and advising us to take as many detours as possible. I asked if he had problems with thunderstorms and he said no before Corey helpfully interjected "but Fynn you almost died in a thunderstorm", which made me laugh. Lawrence, Woody and Nils all walked backwards in the distance.

We soon arrived in a second town and Masha and I dipped into a café to find Lawrence, Woody and Nils, failing to warn Corey and Fynn of our stop in time. They walked on ahead, leaving it uncertain whether we would ever see them again. The café was at a fancy golf course, and I ordered only a chocolate donut after trying to get the attention of the bartender for almost ten minutes. Masha failed to call a taxi from Santo Domingo and our concerns about arriving on time doubled. We set off again briskly.

On the next section, I dropped back with Lawrence and we entered into a deep conversation about our love lives. He told me that he's scared of getting hurt if he involves himself with a Finnish girl he'd been seeing, and that he's worried he should maybe spend some time on his own first. I encouraged him to go with his gut. We talked about attachment types, meaningless short term relationships, and eventually, our problems with alcohol. By the time we reached Santo Domingo we had completely lost the others but reunited in the albergue where the woman behind the desk managed to call Masha a taxi, albeit prematurely. We said swift goodbyes and then the rest of us checked in. 

Our incredibly early arrival allowed for a long afternoon of rest. After listening to Olivia Rodrigo in bed, I visited the exterior of the cathedral where the chickens work before buying supplies from the supermarket. I ate dinner on my own but was soon joined by Woody, Nils and Lawrence in that order. I asked Woody and Nils if they ever feel as though their life is pointless, which descended into a conversation about finding meaning in our careers. When Lawrence arrived he finally showed us his "embarrassing" piano videos and we all showed eachother photos of ourselves when we were teenagers. I ended up going to bed later than planned, but it was a lovely, restful evening regardless.