I woke easily and observed as everyone snoozed their alarms and failed to get up quickly. When we were finally ready, we walked through Léon towards the old town, pelted with rain as we navigated rush hour traffic following yellow arrows. Our hunger grew and the Camino provided a luxurious bakery at just the right moment, where I got a Napolitana but felt jealous of the Empanadas the guys got. I took one for the road instead.

We walked barely one hundred metres up the road before Léon cathedral came into view, and at that moment I heard someone calling Woody's name. To my delight, we saw Corey and Fynn waving from outside a café!!! I don't think I've ever been so happy to see anyone in my life. Mille suddenly appeared from inside as well and we spent some time catching up. Fynn told us he'd lost his voice the day before and we talked about the upcoming route. We then followed Corey and Mille inside the cathedral.

The Cathedral had some beautiful stained glass windows and the others walked around listening to the audio guide, Woody and Nils following the kids version which was narrated by a mole. I quickly got bored and stuck to taking pictures and videos. Woody and I left quickly, thinking everyone else had gone, and stood outside messing around waiting for the others. We were eventually joined by Lawrence, Nils, Mille and Corey. Corey and I swapped stories about the albergue in Boadilla del Camino and Woody and Lawrence fought eachother with the big stick Lawrence had been walking with.

Eventually, we set off again into the rain and followed the way out of Léon. Arriving in the "next" town of Virgen del Camino (basically an extension of Léon), we stopped in a dingy café where I laughed over a ridiculous Twitter post and got told by the café owner not to use the woman's toilet. The tortilla there was very tasty.

After this, we got to the junction in the Camino where the main path follows the boring main road and an alternative is offered. This initially took us over a nice muddy track before rejoining a road, where we all stopped talking for a while and listened to our own music and podcasts. Thankfully we only had to follow the road for 15-20 minutes before we joined another long track through expansive and beautiful countryside. Woody zoomed off into the distance, soon joined by Nils, while Lawrence and I dawdled behind. At the village halfway to our final destination, Lawrence and I agreed to take a break.

Here I ate my empanada. At first we spoke about religion, but then we reverted to usual topics of career and how to spend our lives. Lawrence told me it doesn't matter if I switch career path every single year, as long as I have fun and am financially stable. I felt encouraged to live my life as I please, and resolved to travel America after a year at Capital One.

We carried on together and at first the weather became horrible, with strong sideways wind and showers of rain. This didn't last, and the last stretch went easily and quickly. We arrived in Villar de Mazarife where the albergue was sprawling and cold, lots of pathways through the albergue demanding that we step outside.

I took too long in the shower and then we made dinner with the ingredients we had bought in Virgen del Camino. I felt ashamed for being harsh on Lawrence for taking a large serving of the chorizo on his pasta. In general I felt as though I was starting to be annoying. I was absolutely exhausted all evening and had a headache for large periods of time caused by my sinuses. I missed Alex enormously and wished for a cuddle more than anything.