First thing in the morning there was a split in the route, so we chose to take an additional 100m to avoid the road. It turned out this meant some extra climbing, but walking off-road in the woods was lovely. While we walked, we answered the "questions to fall in love", notably expressing many things we were very grateful for such as our able bodies, loving parents, financial freedom, sense of adventure and so on.

We stopped in a shop where I got a very yellow apple which was nevertheless tasty, before meeting a friendly dog. We split up along the next section of paths by roads, amazing views blessing us the whole way.

The section culminated in a steep hill, where I met the others at the top in a café. I'd been messaging Masha and Alex about possible trips involving rock climbing. From here, the group carried on together again, taking another alternative route which ascended into woodland rather than taking the main route by the road. We talked about Thorpe Park and the layout of our childhood homes. We then arrived at our second café, where we had spectacular sandwiches (mine with calamari) and spoke to an older American woman who told Lawrence and I to get jobs with Elon Musk.

Shortly afterwards we saw two dogs who were playing a lot, and possibly trying to fight eachother. We then split up and I listened to songs from Waitress and La La Land, and thought about whether it's worth having big dreams that you chase relentlessly as in the film. I started thinking of a new book idea. The path descended with more amazing views, eventually reaching a small area of woodland and entering Triacastela. I found Woody and Lawrence at a café.

Nils joined us afterwards, having unintentionally gone the wrong way. We talked about how much money we'd need to be given to change the plans we have for our near future and it triggered an existential crisis for me. We then checked into a €12 hostel because the €10 municipal one had such terrible reviews. The woman split us up and put us in two separate bedrooms!!! We had a relatively acceptable dinner in the adjacent restaurant. Woody and Lawrence insulted Rhossili Bay which upset me very much.