Setting off on day 3 the scenery was insanely beautiful, with mist hanging around the hills and even a cloud inversion further on. It was peaceful and not too hot, a lovely start to the day. The group (Lawrence, Woody, Nils and Emma) were all chatting together and I was a little quiet, not feeling as sociable. I really wanted the chance to chat to Emma directly as I hadn't spoken to her much before so I seized the opportunity as soon as I saw it.

We talked about her career as a vet and what it would take for me to do the Camino on horseback. I told her about the startup world and the problems I found with it. Eventually we came to a river and everyone reconvened for snacks, and not long later Corey, his friend Fynn, and Mille caught up to us. We carried on as a big group by the main road and Corey started up a conversation with me. He also roped Fynn into the conversation, who seemed a lot more reserved, but we got on very well because he's massively into hiking and they told me about the Bibbulmun Track in Australia. The path went up past some lovely pine trees before we started getting to more built up areas near Pamplona. Corey, Emma and Mille dropped back while the rest of us carried on. I chatted a lot to Fynn.

Entering Pamplona was actually fun despite the big city feeling - in fact, the very centre inside the city walls was beautiful and serene, with no cars around. Something about the Spanish feel made me start thinking about travelling around South America. I went to the main square which was super quiet, but later in the evening when we back for dinner it was bustling. I had to buy a new cable because I was having so many issues charging my phone.

We got dinner at the cafe where Ernest Hemingway used to spend a lot of time and I'm so glad Corey talked me into having a steak because it was incredible. I chatted to Lawrence a lot about his American road trip and recreational drugs. We then drew pictures in Emma's journal for her to take as memories of us, as she was leaving the Camino for Seville the next day.

The hostel we stayed in was a big church but we actually had some very decent privacy due to the beds we were assigned. By contrast, I was disappointed that the toilets had no seats, leaving you no choice but to hover while doing your business!
