I was woken in the morning quite abruptly at 5:45am, and although I initially felt regular sleepy feelings and believed an older Korean woman had woken me, I soon started feeling excruciating stomach pain. Concerned, I went to the bathroom to see if I was bleeding or needed to poo and then a very strong dizzy spell and hot flush came over me. I thought I was going to puke. I tried splashing cold water at myself and eventually even lying on the bathroom floor, and the bad feelings slowly subsided. It really scared me and made me worry that I had terrible food poisoning or something.

Because of my rude awakening, I was ready to go before the others for once. Lawrence gave me some dark chocolate which made me happy so I grabbed a Mars bar from a vending machine as well hoping it would make me feel even better. I did feel okay as we left the village but I started having bad stomach feelings as we were walking. Woody and I talked about books and becoming hermits before the conversation turned to vomiting and Nils and Lawrence joined in. When they stopped for a coffee, I thought I felt too unwell to join in but Lawrence's croissant tempted me so I got one of my own.

This was the first day where it was really cold and I even wore four layers and my earwarmer. I told Nils that he seems like he and Woody have better emotional stability than me and Lawrence and he said I actually seem perfectly calm, which I think probably means he doesn't know me that well but it was nice to hear anyway. Woody also said much later in the day that he can't imagine Nils hurting anyone but he can imagine me or Lawrence hurting someone which I found quite funny.

We walked very consistently without many breaks, making it to 17km before 11:30am! I'm pretty sure I've never walked like that in my life before. We eventually had a food break where I ate a couple of sandwiches and half a donut, while communicating with my friend, Masha, who was going to join us later in the day.

Despite the forecast we experienced no rain and due to our speedy walking we arrived in Logroño by 3pm. We went to a café to wait for Masha and I ate even more food. It was a little awkward when she first arrived but by the end of the evening everyone seemed to be chatting happily together.

For dinner we went to a pinxtos bar where we found Corey and Mille who told us that Fynn had gone on to the next town. One of the bar staff was very mean and told us we could only have five people at a table without giving any logical explanation. The pinxtos themselves were pretty tasty, though we ordered three cheesy ones by accident, and then ordered a plate of sausages and chips which was very tasty, if a little overpriced. I was so set on playing Werewolf but everyone wanted to go to the supermarket and Nils had shown up late for dinner, so we ran out of time.
