When we set off, Belorado was silent, shops closed and no one around in the streets. We tried to use an ATM but were shocked by the €7 charge, so pushed on to a café instead for morning snacks. Thankfully the path moved away from the boring road quickly, and became soggy with our first mud of the whole trip. We slipped and slid and I feared for Nils, who had shown himself to have poor balance on earlier parts of the trail.

As we walked, we wrote limericks out loud, taking turns to add a line. After some time, we started climbing a hill which entered a forest. We discussed whether we'd rather walk the Camino naked or uphill constantly. This shortly brought us to a viewpoint where we started throwing rocks at a tree to see who could hit it. The trail continued upwards a little way and then settled permanently into the forest. We talked about A Little Life, Marvel movies, Ryan Reynolds and The Big Bang Theory. I think I started to display my strongly opinionated side for the first time. It was relatively wet, and my feet were getting quite itchy as small rocks were entering the back of my shoe. We passed some people with a van trying to sell snacks but waved and carried on.

Eventually the path descended from the forest and we saw the monastery of San Juan de Ortega appear. Lawrence filmed me walking towards him, and Nils's video of Lawrence filming me looked like a behind-the-scenes TV clip. San Juan seemed relatively charming, and when we entered the albergue we saw that the pilgrim's menu was €8 which seemed very reasonable. The bedroom itself was cold and we all had to take top bunks apart from Lawrence, but the showers made me feel worst of all. The whole bathroom was so soaked in condensation that nothing could escape the room without becoming drenched. We soon discovered that the pilgrim's menu was horrible as well, including plain pasta with ketchup, freezing cold beans, and unintentionally frozen yoghurt. Woody told us he found "pilgrim's heaven" in an adjacent bar and we moved there to play cards.

We also discussed important topics like how much money we'd need to be paid to let spiders run all over us in a coffin. I returned to bed glad for the warmth of my sleeping bag.