I woke earlier than the others in my room, trying fruitlessly not to wake them, as I intended to go to the pilgrim's office to have my pilgrim passport stamped. St Jean was sooo quiet and peaceful and atmospheric in the morning, though my heart was racing with anticipation of my upcoming journey. When I returned to the hostel I began making breakfast, specifically two scrambled eggs on toast which was very delicious despite the exorbitant cost. I also ate two yogurts and took half a baguette with me to justify what I'd spent. Unfortunately Lawrence and Woody left early so I was alone with Hanna for the morning walking, which left me disappointed as I liked them and wanted to speak to them more. Nevertheless Hanna and I grabbed selfies at the starting line and left town chattering with excitement.

We talked about our careers and what we wanted from the trip and our lives, as the day heated up quickly. The views of the Pyrenees around us were absolutely stunning. I was surprised that Hanna felt so passionately in favour of having children, and she also told me about her previous marriage and divorce. I told her how disgusted I am by the inauthenticity that AI is inevitably going to breed on the internet.

We passed into Spain in an ugly shopping mall car park, entirely unaware of our border crossing due to the lack of any sign. From here the path followed a river on its Spanish side, France only a hop away on the other bank. We eventually approached a viewpoint where we started talking to two other people, Chris and Sheila, who had met earlier that morning. We set off chatting in pairs and I first learnt about Chris's tech startup. before switching to speak with Sheila, who was from Vancouver but knew someone who lives in Swansea. She expressed to me her confusion about her husband's disinterest in joining her on the Camino. Unfortunately our deep conversation eventually had us walking on the main road for further than we should've been, missing our turning off into the woods.

We soon arrived in Valcarlos where we interacted briefly with Lawrence and Woody, before buying some snacks in a café. I was shocked and dismayed by the bartender's complete lack of English, feeling afraid I should've learnt more Spanish before embarking on the trip. Nevertheless we eventually managed to order lemonade and we sat around a table talking about which adjectives best described each of us. After we were done, there was some time where Sheila debated back and forth whether she was going to carry on with us, but she ultimately ended up staying at an albergue in Valcarlos while Hanna, Chris and I carried on without her.

Throughout the afternoon I couldn't help feeling like a third wheel. We first continued along more annoying road stretches where I had to pee off the side of a cliff in the only privacy I could find. However, the path eventually left the road and followed a beautiful river while we talked about which animals each of us would be. Another couple was in sight for most of the way, and we cheered eachother on as the way became a big, relentless hill. Hanna and Chris struggled a lot more than me and we took frequent breaks. At the final push, I ran to the top and took some footage of them coming over the crest of the hill. I sensed they were annoyed by my perky enthusiasm, which I had thought would encourage them. I left my bag and darted up to the standing stone at the top of the hill to admire the view before we finally pushed on with the final section towards Roncesvalles.

Here I had booked in advance, which I discovered was unnecessary and never did again. Because of this, my bed was far from theirs and I was assigned a different dining venue. Initially I was discouraged by this, but when I arrived at the restaurant on my own I met Nils for the first time. We chatted about Nils's experience with other pilgrimages, my horse Bounce, our respective PhDs, and the books we were reading. When we went back to the albergue he asked if I wanted to walk together the next morning and I gladly agreed, having already decided it would be nice to walk with new people. However, I was dismayed to discover that the laundry room had already closed and I would have to walk in dirty underwear the next morning.
