As we set off from Santo Domingo I was talking to Nils about manifestation and mindsets, as well as some sexist traditions from his hometown. There was a strong, cold wind, and I struggled with the lack of good views in the early morning. We soon approached a village where a small food truck supplied us with actually not much that I wanted in that moment (no lemonade!!), but we sat on cute wooden chairs with a nice view of a hill. The others yelled at me for saying I'd rather lose an arm than a leg.

My spirits were low as we set off again, and I was craving solitude. The views were bad, with samey fields interrupted only by a boring main road. I walked ahead and listened to some music. Woody asked what the best song I listened to was, and I told him it was You're On Your Own Kid. We set our sights on a chocolateria, not knowing what it would be, and when we arrived Nils and Woody had churros with chocolate.

The rest of the walk was dismal - I struggled terribly with the pain of my backpack and the tedium of the road. Music distracted me for about an hour before we drew close to Belorado and I rejoined the others. We talked about how terrible the day's walk had been, and began to anticipate the joys we'd experience in Belorado. Enormous wall art greeted us and we checked into an albergue with a restaurant and a horribly steamy bathroom. We opted for the pilgrim's menu in the restaurant and it was one of our best meals of the trip, only €14 for drinks, bread and a 3-course meal. We played card games and I couldn't have been happier, despite the awful day of walking.