We left nice and early (after returning to pay for the albergue stay, having forgotten) as today was our infamous 37km day. To begin, we had a 12km walk to the first town, which was absolutely gruelling. It pelted with rain the whole way. Nils and Woody stormed off at high speed into the distance while Lawrence and I walked further behind, carrying eachother's backpacks as I had woken with an incredibly sore shoulder. I thought about my YouTube channel and what videos I should post first when I got home from Spain.

When joined by Lawrence, I tried to keep his spirits high by telling him stories about my worst hiking experiences, since he was struggling emotionally with hunger and the rain. On arriving at the first town, we found Nils and Woody inside the very first café, where I had some amazing pastries (a pain au chocolat and a magadelena). Woody left without us and the three of us then carried on, with me recounting my ski mishaps with Nils for a good chunk of time while we continued being pelted with rain. We resolved to go on a group ski trip in the future.

At the next café, we met a girl called Julia who was walking in the opposite direction along the Camino. She was kind of beautiful and the guys acted very awkward in front of her. Lawrence kept bringing her up later and I proposed that maybe she's the devil, as she brought us tidings of the next few elements of the Camino which brought us only misery. 

After leaving the second café, the weather suddenly improved and we all walked happily together, bantering as a group. Lawrence started struggling with pain in his tibia, but he and Woody were also being very annoying by repeating the things Nils and I were saying. After crossing a cute bridge, Lawrence was being overwhelmed by pain so we stopped in another café where the man behind the bar was very lovely and gave us free chupa chups and crisps. Lawrence felt better after ibuprofen and after we carried on, he skipped happily ahead of us.

We eventually separated out and Lawrence and I spent some time chatting together again, initially because he told me he felt bad about telling Woody he reminds him of Wallace from Wallace and Grommit. We talked about him first meeting Laura (the Finnish girl he was seeing), the beginning of my relationship with Alex, moving to Canada, and American road trips. Lawrence said that his American road trip was the best experience of his life and every day of it was the best day of his life. I desperately wanted to experience it for myself.

We came upon Nils and Woody sitting on a bench and all discussed which albergue to stay at in Léon. My legs felt fantastic just beforehand and I felt as if I could've walked forever, but once we stood up I felt like I could fall over. We picked one which was nearby as it was cheap and looked nice, plus it was opposite KFC. I showered immediately to avoid having a cold shower again, and it was fine. We then went for KFC and ate way too much chicken, which made me very gassy. Once again we had a private room for the four of us, and I couldn't have been happier.