We set off early and walked the first kilometre into Palas de Rei we'd already walked to the pizzeria the night before. A strange man was walking really close behind us. Nils said that when he yells "Sophie" it reminds him of the Heavy Rain "Jason" meme. As we left the town, we saw a series of dogs! The first one was very friendly and cuddly, followed by two much smaller ones which we didn't enjoy quite as much. We then saw a fat beagle on the path, and another very cuddly and friendly shaggy black dog.

The Buen Camino app said there would be a rollercoaster of uphill and downhills today, and there were indeed many small hills. We eventually arrived in a town where we went into a café for food. I ordered a pepperoni "panini" which was incredibly good and everyone was jealous. Lawrence was excited by the nuts and we took some to smack with the stick afterwards. We also saw the older American woman outside but didn't get a chance to speak to her. Woody poured beer very well.

After leaving the big town we walked separately for a while. There was one final hill which was a little bigger and more challenging, especially as the day had heated up, but the trees and the surroundings were lovely. On the other side of the top of the hill, I met the guys in a café eating Milka ice creams and I decided to have my first (and second) of the Camino. Lawrence and Woody had a long conversation about how much sugar would kill you and what would happen to your body before you died. They then started watching a video about a guy who ate licorice every day.

Shortly afterwards, we arrived in Arzúa for the night and went to a different albergue to the municipal because I was unwilling to have a public shower again. The other albergue turned out to be lovely. It was laid out like just someone's house. I tried to wash my clothes but they seemed to have a constant stench now.

Nils, Woody and I went to the supermarket to buy ingredients for a bean chilli, this time without an excessive amount of spice. It ended up being incredibly tasty! Lawrence invented a game where the guys tried to throw a cork into a toaster.
