We set off a little later on day 8 as Nils wanted to use the post office, which didn't open until 8:30. The rest of us (me, Lawrence, Woody and Masha) went ahead and walked out of the city, initially talking about tech startups before we turned to riddles. Masha told her incredibly stupid phone booth riddle which I really enjoyed but the others did not, and we solved it as we approached a cute lake. We stopped for sun cream before walking on a little further to a toilet, and were joined by various other people at different points, including Corey, Mille and eventually Nils. The woodland area by the lake was absolutely beautiful. Masha repeated her riddle for Nils.

We approached our first village of the day as amazing views of mountains opened up in both directions. The café was incredibly busy, and Masha and I sat separately from the others as the table was too full with Corey, Mille, and another, unfamiliar guy joining as well. Masha discovered that tortilla de patatas is tastier than she expected. I also ran to the pharmacy to get more wound dressings and we admired the disturbingly golden church.

After our brief stop at the café, we were left by Corey and Mille and the rest of us carried on. Approaching the next village we took a small detour to engage with the artwork along the path, which mostly consisted of all of us trying to throw rocks through giant paperclip loops. There was also a weird structure with a QR code and some footprints with a red dot in the middle that we all tried to put our heads on.

In the village we found another café where we had the most amazing patatas bravas and played Werewolf. Unfortunately the others didn't pick it up very quickly and Lawrence didn't enjoy the deception aspect of the game. We played a few rounds but it was disappointing and we were all disturbed to discover it was already 3pm by the time we were ready to leave.

We still had a long way to go as our day would turn out to be 31km, so we set off quickly with Nils and I storming off to try and pace the others. Here the views of the mountains became absolutely incredible again, but the walk was exhausting as the distance dragged on. By the time we arrived in Nájera it was already 6pm but thankfully we managed to have a lovely evening regardless. We parallelised by leaving Masha, Lawrence and Woody to shower while Nils and I went shopping, then we showered while they cooked. We made a big vat of pasta with fried chorizo and it was absolutely delicious. We then played games of Hearts before heading to bed absolutely exhausted.