The next morning, we left Ponferrada mostly as a group. I was grumpy initially because the guys gave me the most boring yoghurt for breakfast. I also had some pain in my right leg. However, this quickly wore off. We walked by the river through the town centre until we got into unusually posh looking suburbs. In the next set of suburbs we saw a cat and dog who liked hanging out together and the cat also liked us. Finally leaving the city behind, Nils and I talked about types of houses we'd live in, The Strangers and Jennifer's Body.

Once out of the city, Woody began the rendition of Act 2 of Hamilton, however this was eventually paused so we could peruse a fancy gift store. We saw cute piggy banks, toy swords, boar toys and the guys drank a wine taster, but eventually Woody bought chocolate and we all left. Trying the chocolate outside we discovered it was for hot chocolate and were all disappointed.

A little further down the road we ran into American Victoria at a café and sat down to have pasta and paella. She showed us how flexible she is.

Back on the road, it had become unpleasantly hot. We began to spread out, eventually leaving the main road to go between the vineyards promised by the guidebook. Although the heat was making me irritable, I listened to Lush Life and had a sudden wave of gratitude that I was in Spain living my dream. The path weaved down through a village and out again. I awkwardly waved at someone who was not waving at me.

The paths then continued through green hills, with an amazing view of an isolated chapel on a hill between two or three trees. I caught up to the guys sitting in the shade of an abandoned building and Lawrence finally took pity and lent me his hat, since I'd been wearing his awful blue abomination ever since losing my Columbia cap.

Villafranca del Bierzo was not far beyond but it was getting hotter and hotter and hotter, almost 30 degrees when we finally arrived. The town was beautiful and summery. Having arrived at a decent time, the others had time to go down to the river while I went to buy a new cap. I then read on the grass outside the albergue. We all went out for dinner with Victoria. Initially I was irritable again as it was so late and I wanted to leave early the next morning, but the food and games of cards cheered me up. Afterwards, I shared with Lawrence my concerns about how moody I've been.

We all agreed to set alarms for 5:30am to try and beat the heat the next day, having realised we'd have to ascend a massive hill.