When I got on the train to Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port, I wondered if people around me might be travelling for the Camino. When I got off the train, I realised this was a stupid question; I was surrounded by a sea of hiking backpacks and trekking poles. People on the train opposite me had even been talking about it. I walked slowly through the town, getting left behind from the crowd of pilgrims as I took in the sights and enjoyed the misty atmospheric vibe. When I found my hostel I took a deep breath to calm the nerves and walked inside.

Around seven or eight pilgrims were sat around listening to the albergue host speaking. Only one of them was female, though there were a couple of young guys too. I was shocked that some people had much larger bags than me.

The albergue host gave a motivating speech, exactly what you'd hope and expect to hear at the start of a long journey. He told us that friends and family will try to tell us what to do with our lives thinking that they know better than us, but only we can decide what to do with our one life. I felt as though he was speaking directly to me.

After asking us all if we wanted breakfast, (I said yes because the others before me did, but later wished I hadn't) he sent the girl and two young, normal looking guys upstairs, and everyone else to a backroom downstairs. I waited patiently for my turn, having arrived late, and hoped I'd be sent with the group upstairs. To my joy, this was the case, and I entered the bedroom to meet three new friends: Hanna, Lawrence and Woody. All 3 were friendly and easy to talk to, and I quickly learnt about where they'd come from, their reasons for walking, and their occupations. Immediately I wanted to be their friends, and lost all desire to walk alone the next morning. I followed them to the pilgrim's office to collect their pilgrim passports, and then to dinner, where we were joined by Danny, another young guy from the downstairs room at the hostel. Lawrence probed me about my outdoorsy adventures, seemingly interested in my long distance running and previous hiking experience. On return to the hostel we said our good nights, and I lay awake fresh with excitement for the journey beginning tomorrow.
